DAN (VOICEOVER): Since our return
to Earth after defeating Zenoheld,
a whole lot has happened.
The most exciting thing is that Bakugan Interspace finally
went online globally, allowing kids from all over the world
to show their battling skills in a safe and friendly
environment.
Unfortunately, it seems like not everyone
wants this virtual realm to remain happy and free.
A mysterious evil force from another world
has infiltrated Bakugan Interspace
and is trying to take over.
OK, buddy. Let's do this.
All right.
Bakugan Brawl.
THEME SONG: What are you going to do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Got to give it your all.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hand.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
What just happened?
I trusted you, Ren.
Ah.
Brawlers welcomed you into our family.
As of now, our friendship is completely over, Marucho.
[gasps]
I can't believe he betrayed Marucho like that.
I guess little Maruch is taking it pretty hard,
isn't he?
Yeah.
He's been hiding out in his house ever since.
I should probably go check on him.
Wait.
I think it's better if you just leave him be.
Don't you care about your friend?
Of course, I do, but--
Marucho needs our support.
Let's go.
Huh?
I finally did it.
ALL: Huh?
Finally did what, buddy?
Check this out.
Akwimos?
I don't understand.
What's the big deal about Akwimos?
Just take a listen.
Cool is the rule, dude.
Huh?
[groans]
Cool is the rule, dud.
Cool is the rule, dude.
[energetic music]
DAN (VOICEOVER): The Bakugan Brawlers in \"Hostile Takeover.\"
Cool.
How did you get him to talk?
Ever since Jake mentioned that only real Bakugan speak,
I've been working on a speech program for the digital ones.
Cool is the rule, dude.
Go away.
Why does he keep saying that over and over?
I programmed him to have a laid back personality,
and this is what the speech generator
came up with randomly.
[laughs] Laid back, huh?
You bet.
Well, buddy, looks like you're in better spirits.
We've got Gundalians to fight.
I can't stay depressed forever.
Huh?
Cool is the rule, dude.
You're awfully quiet, Fabia.
What's the matter?
Huh?
Oh, it's nothing.
But you sure about that?
You can tell us anything, you know?
Fabia?
Sometimes, I worry if you guys ever really believe me.
Huh?
After being deceived by Ren, how can you
extend your trust so easily?
Surely you guys must have a lot of doubts about me.
Ha.
Don't worry about it.
We trust you.
When we saw how angry you got about Bakugan
being used in war, we knew you felt the same way we did.
I see.
DAN: And that's all the proof we needed.
We're on the same side, Fabia.
Yes, we are.
I think it's time I give you these.
Whoa.
Are those new Bakugan?
FABIA: Meet Aquos Akwimos, Ventus
Hawktor, and Subterra Coredem.
These are the original Bakugan.
Are you sure?
Of course.
I brought them from Neathia.
Just what I always wanted.
Awesome.
A real Bakugan.
Yeah.
Hello there.
I'm Shun.
Whoa.
You're the ninja.
That's right.
That's awesome.
Maybe you can help me with my stealth attacks.
I usually more crash and burn with things,
but I know sometimes the subtle approach is better.
What do you say?
Huh?
Hey, uh, my-- my name is Jake.
That's a strong name.
Nice to meet you, Jake.
Oh, man.
The real Coredem is the coolest.
My name's Marucho.
I'm very pleased to meet you, Akwimos.
What's up, little kid?
What?
Knock the rock, baby.
Uh, OK.
Cool is the rule, dude.
Whoa.
Cool is the rule, huh?
I like that.
Oh, it's just a little something
I programmed him to say.
Cool is the rule, dude.
Cool is the rule, dude. Yeah.
Yeah.
I really dig it, man.
It's awesome.
I think I'm going to use it myself if you don't mind.
Check it out. - Wha--
Cool is the rule, dude.
[chuckles] Not bad, huh?
[laughs] This is a real trip, man.
No kidding.
KID: I heard that we weren't supposed to battle those guys,
because they're dangerous.
What were they supposed to do?
They got cornered into battling by those dudes.
Ability, activate.
Bolting Chain.
COMPUTER: Taylor Life Force, zero.
Ability, activate.
Jewel Deeper.
COMPUTER: Casey Life Force, zero.
Oh, no.
We lost.
They're strong.
Hm.
Well, you guys are pretty good, I guess.
You'll be of use to us.
Come on.
Let's go.
BOTH: Huh?
Where'd they go?
MAN: Loyal soldiers of Emperor Barodius's army, march.
Go forth and destroy the enemy Bakugan.
[screech]
Bakugan Brawl.
Go, Darkus Venoclaw.
Rise Ventus Buz Hornix.
Ability, activate.
Dark Silencer.
Barbarian Tornado.
Those Earth children aren't half bad after all.
At this rate, it's only a matter of time
before we get our hands on the Element, sir.
I'm not sure that we have enough.
Go, Ren, and bring me more Bakugan battlers immediately.
I don't care how you do it.
Yes, as you wish, sire.
OK.
So remember laid back is the key.
Ready?
Hey, dudes, take a chill pill.
No need to get your socks in a bunch.
We got no time for the drama ramas, so just relax.
Hey, not too bad.
It's not zen, but it'll do.
And so concludes today's lesson on how to be laid back
and relax.
Hey, little dude, I totally dig this whole laid back
way of being.
Thanks for showing me the way, my man.
Huh? [alarm blaring]
What the--
[beeping]
Hm?
Ren.
What just--
He's taking children back to Gundalia with him to fight.
He's toast.
Ha ha.
So then I said--
BOTH: Huh?
Who's next?
DAN: Knock it off, Ren.
Huh?
Hmph.
Look who showed up.
You've got some nerve showing your face around here, Ren.
You got no business here.
Do you hear me, you creep?
[grumbles]
Actually, you're wrong, Dan.
Very wrong.
Let's go.
Wait a minute.
Ren!
Actually, you'll be battling with us.
Huh?
What are you talking about?
I recognize you two.
You guys are Casey and Taylor.
You know them?
MARUCHO: Yeah.
They're two of our top brawlers.
Go ahead and do your thing, guys.
We'll come back for you a little later.
Come back later?
Something strange is going on here, Aranaut.
Strange how?
I'm not sure.
I just have a feeling they're up to something.
I think you and I need to follow Ren.
OK.
Get out of the way, guys.
We won't let you mess with Master Ren.
Master Ren?
It sounds like they've been brainwashed by the Gundalians.
DAN: I think you're right.
JAKE: No way.
Aw, man.
Maybe if we beat them we could snap them out of it.
SHUN: Come on, Hawktor.
I'll show you the way of the ninja.
MASON: Time to crush these fools, Avior.
Bakugan Brawl.
ANNOUNCER: A battle between Dan and Shun
versus Mason and Taylor will now commence.
Bakugan field, open.
Here we go.
Gate Card, set.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Go Pyrus Helix Dragonoid.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Rise, Subterra Avior.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Come on, Darkus Venoclaw.
[growls]
Let's see what you got, little girl.
Ability, activate.
Lag-Range Dark Matter.
[groaning]
Drago!
I can't move.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Go, Ventus Hawktor.
Time to show them they messed with the wrong ninja.
Hiyah.
Ability, activate.
Ninja Defense, Wild Wind Dance.
You OK, Drago?
Yes.
Thanks, Hawktor.
Dan, come on.
Stay focused here. - Yeah.
Yeah. Sorry, man.
Let's go.
Oh yeah.
ANNOUNCER: The Bakugan battle between Marucho and Jake
versus Sid and Casey will now begin.
Gate Card, set.
Ha.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Go, Subterra Coredem.
Let's show these guys just how tough we are, Coredem.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Let's go, Aquos Akwimos.
Yeah.
Cool is the rule, dude.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Rise, Ventus Buz Hornix.
Do some damage, Casey.
Ability, activate.
Queen Riot.
[blasting]
Whoa.
Cool is the rule, dude.
Cool is the-- do something!
Hang on, buddy.
Ability, activate.
Plate Shield.
My turn now.
Akwimos, ability, activate.
Depth World.
This is more like it.
Hey!
Time for a relaxing massage.
Ability, activate.
Durandal Cannon.
Watch out!
Ah!
Come on.
We can't lose, Coredem.
Ability, activate.
Sling Exia.
[grunts]
FABIA (VOICEOVER): Where did you slither off to, Ren Krawler?
[beeping]
Hm.
So this is the Earth's number one and two battlers, huh?
Think we can take this old timer?
Are you kidding?
I was battling when these two were putting
their diapers on their heads.
[chuckles] I love your fight spirit, old dog.
But how about we try a new trick.
[watch beeps]
COMPUTER: Ready Lashor.
Battle Gear Boost.
BOTH: Huh?
Check this out.
[roars]
Man, that thing is crazy huge.
It's even more impressive in action.
Battle Gear Ability, activate.
Lashor Heavy Striker.
Enjoy Bakugan Interspace while you can.
It'll be a while before you see the inside again.
[hissing]
Guess I'm up.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Go, Pyrus Rubanoid.
[roars]
COMPUTER: Ready Destrakon Gear.
All right.
Battle Gear Boost.
[roars]
Dude.
No point in dragging this thing out.
Battle Gear Ability, activate.
Destrakon Gear Brinel.
[blasting]
Hey!
Ability, activate.
Queen Riot.
[blasting]
Whoa. Hey.
Come on.
Easy now.
This just isn't good.
Here we go, Coredem.
Gate Card, open.
Darkus Battle Audience.
What's happening?
I can't see anything.
What?
Akwimos, get ready.
Ability, activity.
Heal Blue.
Hey!
Now, Maruch.
OK.
Hey.
Cool is the rule, dude.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
COMPUTER: Casey life force, zero.
[groans]
Oh, man.
FABIA (VOICEOVER): I'll find you under whatever rock
you're hiding.
[bakugan panting]
Your Bakugan are looking pretty beat up, guys.
Oh yeah, pal?
Hey, Shun, why don't we show him exactly how beat up our guys
are?
Hm.
Let's do it.
[roars]
Ability, activate.
Bolting Fang, Combat Slug Shot.
[grunts]
Ability, activate.
Spinning Wall.
[shouting]
What the--
[explosion]
[groans]
COMPUTER: Taylor life force, zero.
Huh?
[groans]
What?
What just happened to me?
Taylor.
Looks like we got her back.
That's good news.
Hey, better hurry and dive out.
You're in danger staying here.
Huh?
DAN: Don't ask questions.
Just go.
Uh, OK.
[snarls]
Time to finish this.
COMPUTER: Ready Rock Hammer.
Battle Gear Boost.
[shouts]
COMPUTER: Ready Gigarth.
Ahh, Battle Gear Boost.
[energetic music]
Oh yeah.
Gate Card, open.
Ruby Storm.
Hey, come on.
What's with all the red, dude?
Huh?
The Command Card Ruby Storm increases Rubanoid's power
level and enables the Battle Gear Ability
Level 2 to be activated.
[roars]
[grunts]
Battle Gear Ability, activate.
Destrakon Gear Vickers.
[energetic music]
[screeching]
[screaming]
I'll crush this bug.
Battle Gear Ability, activate.
Rock Hammer Beo-Blaster.
[blasting]
Now, Akwimos.
Battle Gear Ability, activate.
[roars]
MARUCHO: Gigarth Pointer.
Cool is the rule, dude.
COMPUTER: Sid life force, zero.
Ah, yes!
Yeah.
We did it, Jake.
ANNOUNCER: Battle over.
Winners, Marucho and Jake.
Huh?
Where am I?
What just happened to me?
Hey, Casey.
So you OK?
Run now before they grab you again.
Huh?
[chuckles]
Ah!
[whimpering]
Well, that one got away, but I still
managed to chew up enough of your precious time, Brawlers.
BOTH: Huh?
I'm not finished with you yet, Drago.
We're ready for you out there, pal.
Ability, activate.
Galactic Dragon.
[shouting]
ANNOUNCER: Battle over.
Winners, Dan and Shun.
Ah, yeah.
Ha.
Right on schedule.
OK.
This should do it.
Hm.
[digital chimes]
What the--
Whoa.
Ahh!
Ugh.
What the--
Oh, we just got forced out of Bakugan Interspace.
But how?
What is going on, dude?
I have no idea.
REN (ON COMM): Then let me explain.
Huh?
As of this moment, Bakugan Interspace
is now under my sole control.
Huh?
Say what?
[chuckles]
JAKE (VOICEOVER): I can't believe
that super creep Ren took over Bakugan Interspace
and booted us out.
What's even worse is that none of the kids
want to believe that we're not in charge anymore.
But it's too dangerous.
We have to stop them from diving in, no matter how we do it.
Luckily, we managed to figure out a way to hack ourselves
inside, using our Bakugan.
Just wait till I get my hands on that Ren.
I'm telling you, he's going to be one sorry Gundalian.
Let's go.
Bakugan Brawl.
Unbelievable, dude.
[theme music]